Rewrite of RFC001 to mention libp2p (#92)
comit-network/RFCs: RFC-001-BAM.md

Given that, we decided against gRPC.

### libp2p

> Libp2p is a modular network stack extracted from the ipfs (interplanetary file system) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Libp2p is a modular network stack extracted from the IPFS (InterPlanetary File System) project.
```

It provides reusable modules for common needs of peer-to-peer networking applications like discovery mechanisms, abstractions of various transport protocols, pluggable transport layer encryption and multiplexing.

These are all features we find want for the transport layer of the COMIT network and hence we decided to build the communication layer on top of libp2p.

## Identification & configuration

> Application protocols in libp2p have an identifier which allows nodes to exchange, which protocols they understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application protocols in libp2p have an identifier which allows a node to identify the protocols it understands.
```

> For COMIT and the messages described in this document, we use the protocol identifier: `/comit/1.0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For COMIT, and the messages described in this document, we use the protocol identifier: `/comit/1.0.0`.
```

The libp2p stack of COMIT is configured as follows:

> - tcp as the transport layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TCP as the transport layer
```

> - yamux as the multiplexing module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Yamux as the multiplexing module
```

Reviewer: hmm, this change may make `secio` below seem odd.  I'm not sure whether it should be `Secio` or not?  I couldn't find typical usage on the web.

If all you have are plain network sockets, such a multiplexing strategy needs to be backed into your application protocol, which is a none trivial increase in complexity.
In fact, a former version of the COMIT messaging protocol (BAM!) had support for such functionality because we were not yet building on top of libp2p back then.

### Multiplexing with libp2p substreams

Libp2p has the concept of substreams.
A substream is a virtual socket for a specific protocol between two nodes.
Opening a new substream is cheap compared to an actual network connection.
It is also independent of the underlying physical network topology, i.e. it does not matter which party opened the actual physical network connection:
Every party can open a new substream at any point in time.

Given that, we define the following rules for sending and receiving messages in the COMIT network:

1. To actively send a message, a node MUST open a new substream.
2. The node opening the substream MUST send the first message.
3. The first message MUST identify the kind of messages being sent on this substream.
More on this in section [messages](#messages).

> The multiplexing solution of substreams offered by libp2p greatly reduces the complexity of our application protocol because we no longer have to explicitly associate messages with each other but instead can rely on the ordering of the messages within a substream. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multiplexing solution of substreams offered by libp2p greatly reduces the complexity of our application protocol because we no longer have to explicitly associate messages with each other but instead can rely on the ordering of the messages within a substream.
```
